doc update: DApp connector API (#625)
midnightntwrk/midnight-docs: api-reference/dapp-connector/README.md

## Installation

The Midnight DApp connector API is available as an NPM package with the namespace `@midnight-ntwrk/dapp-connector-api`. It can be installed using any node package manager, such as Yarn. To install the package using Yarn, execute the following command:

```bash
yarn add @midnight-ntwrk/dapp-connector-api
```

## Package usage

The package provides the type declarations that are documented in the [documentation](type-aliases/InitialAPI.md) of this package.

The DApp connector API should be exposed through the global variable as follows:

```ts
window.midnight.{someWalletIdString}
```

In this way multiple wallets can inject their API without causing conflicts, and a DApp can select/ask the user 
to which wallet connection should be established.

## Initial API data and methods

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| **name** | Wallet name, expected to be displayed to the user |
| **icon** | Wallet icon, as an URL, either reference to a hosted resource, or a base64 encoded data URL |

> | **apiVersion** | Version of the API implemented by this instance of the API. E.g. wallet implementing version 3.1.5 provides apiVersion with value '3.1.5'. This value lets DApps to differentiate between different versions of the API and implement appropriate logic for each version or not use some versions at all |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **apiVersion** | Version of the API implemented by this instance of the API. E.g. wallet implementing version 3.1.5 provides apiVersion with value '3.1.5'. This value allows DApps to differentiate between different versions of the API and implement appropriate logic for each version or not use some versions at all. |
```

> | **connect** | Connect to wallet, hinting desired network id. Upon successful connection returns a promise with [ConnectedAPI](type-aliases/ConnectedAPI.md) |

Reviewer: Why are we hinting at the ID?

## API usage

The following sections demonstrate how to use the DApp Connector API to connect to wallets, query wallet state, and manage transactions.

> ### Connecting to a wallet

Reviewer: Rewrite the headings so they verb a noun and reflect the tasks.

In this case, Connect to a wallet.

  console.log('serviceUriConfig', serviceUriConfig);
} catch (error) {
  console.log('an error occurred', error);
}
```

#### Reading wallet information 

Several methods are available for querying wallet state. The most important ones are `getShieldedBalances`, `getUnshieldedBalances`, `getDustBalance`, `getShieldedAddresses`, `getUnshieldedAddress`, and `getDustAddress`. Keys and addresses are provided in Bech32m format, while shielded and unshielded balances return a record whose keys are token types.

```ts
try {
  const connected = await window.midnight.{selectedWalletId}.connect();
  const addressesAndBalances = {
    shieldedBalances: await connected.getShieldedBalances(),
    unshieldedBalances: await connected.getUnshieldedBalances(),
    dustBalance: await connected.getDustBalance(),
    shieldedAddresses: await connected.getShieldedAddresses(),
    unshieldedAddress: await connected.getUnshieldedAddress(),
    dustAddress: await connected.getDustAddress(),
  }

  console.log('addressesAndBalances', addressesAndBalances);
} catch (error) {
  console.log('an error occurred', error);
}
```

#### Initiating a payment

> If a DApp needs to initiate a payment, `makeTransfer` is the right method to use. It takes an array of outputs that need to be present in the final transaction. For more details, consult the [InitActions type documentation](type-aliases/InitActions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a DApp needs to initiate a payment, then `makeTransfer` is the right method to use. It takes an array of outputs that need to be present in the final transaction. For more details, see the [InitActions type documentation](type-aliases/InitActions.md).
```

```ts
import {nativeToken} from '@midnight-ntwrk/ledger'

try {
  const connected = await window.midnight.{selectedWalletId}.connect();
  const transaction = await connected.makeTransfer([{
    kind: 'unshielded',
    tokenType: nativeToken().raw,
    value: 10n**6n,
    recipient: 'mn_addr1abcdef.....'
  }]);
} catch (error) {
  console.log('an error occurred', error);
}
```

> #### Balancing a transaction, for paying fees or interacting with contracts

Reviewer: Shockingly long heading, going to look awful in the sidebar.
